Grandma, Master Hu has taken a fancy to Wu Siyao
This is a godsend opportunity for our Wu family
You must be in charge!
Betrothed Siyao to Master Hu
Listen to what you just said
Otherwise, our Wu family will be doomed
Hood, would you stop screaming?
That's the best of both worlds for you
Siyao married Hu Yue
No one will fight with you for the property of the Wu family anymore
What are you talking about?
I'm doing this for the sake of the Wu family
Okay, this is no small matter
Let me think about it
Grandma, I don't know how to be a parent
I told you.
Let me think about it
Grandma, leave this to me
I promise I won't let the Hu family harass private chats again
At the same time, the Wu family will not be threatened in any way
Tomorrow I will let Hu Yue
Kneel here and apologize to our family
You are unparalleled, what are you talking about?
What do you use to predict that someone's time is coming?
You don't even realize you're embarrassed now, do you?
You know shit